Nagi's super goal ties
the game up at one apiece!
Just look at the passion in this stadium!
Who exactly is this Nagi character?
Has this Blue Lock project
a-actually worked?
It's no longer clear who
the hero of this match will be.
Wait. This is cringe.
Nagi!
Damn.
Missed my chance to be a hero.
We're just getting started.
What an annoyin' goal.
Yup. This'll work.
We can make it to the world stage.
Episode
Blue Genes
All right! We clawed it back!
But why'd our attack
suddenly start functioning?
They were struggling badly a minute ago.
Blue Lock Staff
Blue Lock
General Director
Don't get caught up in the goal itself, gofer.
The key came before that.
Before that?
The play leading up to it.
Itoshi Rin's improvisation
set everything in motion.
Didn't I tell you? Our players know
how to handle the real thing.
They have the improvisation skills
they nurtured in the selections.
You mean things like
those "chemical reactions"?
Yes, that's one of the improvisation skills.
Off to
Slay
Demons
Off to
Slay
Demons
When chasing an objective,
things often don't go as planned.
Whoa!
No one told us about this!
The answers in textbooks and manuals
are empty theory, useless in the real field.
When the strategy you had
planned out doesn't work...
This is impossible!
Let's go back for now!
...the mediocre panic and look for
excuses for their failure to feel better.
Loser
This is the thinking of a loser.
What is the objective
of this match, Anri-chan?
Huh? Well, um... To win.
Right.
A winner never loses sight of their objective.
They simply tackle this new challenge.
What should we do?
Hold on.
Even if your plan fails, as long as you
keep trying to achieve your objective...
I won't give up!
Onward to Onigashima Island!
...that situation becomes the new challenge.
That's the thinking you need to improvise.
In Blue Lock, we do not need
mediocre players with no initiative.
What we want are egoists
who seek out challenges for themselves.
And Itoshi Rin did exactly that
before anyone else,
and Isagi Yoichi responded to it.
Blue Lock XI
As I thought, Isagi Yoichi is
necessary for Itoshi Rin's awakening.
Let's go score another.
Yeah.
That goal just now...
Any of them could've scored it.
That's just how good
their shooting skills are.
But it was only possible
because we disrupted their formation,
and managed to use our weapon
the way we'd practiced.
And the one who gave us
that opening was undoubtedly Rin.
Just keep your eyes on me.
Those words helped me to focus
on my linkup play with Rin.
Rin gave me a new challenge.
Hey, Rin.
Too bad about that shot.
But it was a good move.
I'm sure it'll work next time—
Huh?
Shut up. Are you taunting me?
Everything that's not a goal is worthless.
Yeah, but thanks to your play—
So what?
You were aiming to score, too, weren't you?
You followed me like
goldfish shit into midfield,
but once you were in the area, your ego
took over and you went for goal yourself.
You got a problem with that?
No. Keep doing it.
Taking advantage and devouring
each other serves a purpose.
A twisted relationship like that
is healthy for us.
Right.
I see. So it's our dynamics
that create these innovative plays.
We're a threat to the other team now.
Don't get comfortable. Fight.
For my goal and nothing else.
There's 15 minutes left in the first half.
Who would've thought it'd go like this?
Uh-huh. It's really intense.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
The game resumes with the score at 1-1.
Hey.
We're 30 minutes into the first half,
and not even a "Long time no see,"
you poor excuse for a big brother?
Japan's U-20s
Blue Lock XI
This isn't a game for Itoshi Sae.
This is the game where I surpass you.
Here we go!
Sae-kun! Over here!
Rin, I'll back you up!
Stay out of it, Isagi.
Get lost, outsiders.
We're in the middle of a sibling fight!
A sibling fight on a big stage like this?
You're making this about you now?
He's good, using his shoulder like that.
And using Rin's tackle...
It's a block and turn!
No.
Rin saw it and he's keeping up, if just barely.
If you keep behaving like
you're my little brother...
...you will never surpass me.
A cross elástico?
He gets past! Itoshi Sae
breaks through their midfield!
Way to go, Sae-kun!
The first round of this sibling showdown
goes to the older brother!
You got beat, you dumb
Mr. Long Bottom Lashes?
Here they come.
The opposition will charge us all at once.
Watch the back line, Niko Boy.
Right!
Blue Lock XI
Niko Ikki...
Do you know why someone of average height
and speed like you is playing at center back?
For my field of vision?
Bingo.
Your extraordinary ability to read the field
makes you Blue Lock's greatest sensor.
Track every player
coordinating with Itoshi Sae.
Then, from the swarm surrounding him,
quickly and accurately...
identify and eliminate
the most dangerous intruder.
Japan's U-20s
No, wait. That pass has back spin on it
to make it easier to control.
Even if I charge in at full speed...
I'll be half a step too short to get it.
This is a trap.
By drawing me out,
they intend to disrupt our formation,
then get in behind with an easy touch.
It's an excellent trap
Itoshi Sae has set for me.
If I dive in, it's game over.
You're too naïve, Mr. Genius.
I'll pretend to fall into your trap.
Then, half a step before...
All stop.
It'll bounce off his foot, and I'll...
exterminate a pest!
Nice, Niko!
Second ball!
All righty, ya dim dumdums.
Blue Lock XI
Y'all idiots ready for a counterattack?
They're coming, Wakatsuki.
That Kansai guy sure complains a lot, yup.
My analysis of 'em usin' pregame materials
and the match so far is nearly complete.
Their defense is three-fold.
Phase one: the moment the ball goes
to the other team, Hayate presses.
Phase two: behind him is the strong
zonal defense of the four defenders.
There ain't no hole in their iron wall.
If there ain't none, I'll make one.
The most powerful weapon in my arsenal...
Blue Lock XI
Go get 'em, Otoya.
Let's blast through them, Karasu.
Go ahead and try it, you lousy ninja.
Japan's U-20s
Your stealthy steps are too loud.
Blue Lock XI
Who said I would be...
...going it alone?
Good. Pick up the pace and get in behind.
Not bad.
You and that Osakan-spouting
penalty box player make a good duo.
We're still evenly-matched, though.
And then, phase three...
When it gets critical,
Aiku comes over to cover.
This three-fold structure is
the foundation of the U-20s' defense.
Japan's U-20s
Too bad for you, Mr. Ninja.
Moron.
Who said this was a duo?
Huh?
This is who I was aimin' for
from the beginning.
Sprint forward, our third arrow...
Blue Lock XI
The fastest runner in Blue Lock!
Blast open a hole for us, Missy.
Blue Lock XI
He's already reacting to me.
That's why you're the captain.
Just try and catch me!
In terms of comprehensive ability across the
whole field, you might have the upper hand.
But this is the right wing.
Just one straight home stretch.
My speed will...
roar across...
the world!
My dream...
The moment I've dreamed of...
It's now!
Wh-What incredible acceleration!
Blue Lock's No. 4, Chigiri Hyoma, creates
a chance by slicing down the right wing!
The Blue Lock XI will
flood the penalty area!
Should I go further in?
Damn. I'll have to pass.
The player who's free is...
I ain't just gonna sit and
defend the whole time, dumdum.
Karasu?
Good positioning, Assassin.
You owe me one.
Gimme it, Red.
The ball goes in to a less crowded area!
But one player's free!
Perfect, Missy. I can fire one in
at goal from here, just about.
Thanks for the—
Japan's U-20s
Is this guy for real?
He read my positioning
with pinpoint precision.
Nice one, genius!
Second ball!
Blue Lock XI
Rin!
Shoot. I dare you.
I underestimated you all.
I thought you were a bunch of
typical no-good Japanese players,
sticking faithfully to your coach's tactics.
But I was wrong.
Their only wish is to change
their fates with their own goals.
They're ravenous beasts.
Rin!
Interesting.
You intend to get past me in a two-on-one?
A one-two. Just as I thought.
But you're the bait.
I saw through it.
You're right-footed.
If you copy your bro and shoot left-footed,
your power and accuracy will be
two notches worse like last time.
You can have the route
to take a left-footed shot.
But...
I'm killing the one to the right.
You'll have to shoot left-footed
in that stance, so you're not ready.
He hit it with the outside
of his right foot and curved it?
You're something else, Blue Lock.
Goal!
We've got some new genes in
the world of Japanese soccer.
They've come from behind and it's now 2-1!
Who could've foreseen this?
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
Right?
That was genius.
That motion to prevent
them from reading it...
then a right-footed,
out-to-in, mid-range shot.
That's you going for the kill.
Rin!
Guys, we've got five minutes
left in the first half.
We'll use Plan B to see it out.
Aye-aye, sir.
Ya so irritate me.
For now, we're in the lead.
You were good bait, Isagi.
Damn it.
Next time, I'll score.
Those guys...
Crap.
Damn it all.
Sorry, guys. I allowed him to shoot.
If you couldn't prevent it, no one could've.
Plus, it was a two-on-one.
Gotta admit, though, he really
is the little brother of a genius.
How many times are you going to miss,
Mr. Lover Boy to a Pin-Up Model?
A pin-up... What?
This is what happens
if you don't score when on top.
You're responsible for
this situation, you lousy striker.
S-Screw you.
I might have lost the ball,
but I can't be blamed for all of it.
I'm not passing the buck.
This is legit criticism from someone
who's creating chances for you.
Score a goal.
If we lose, the U-20s will be
taken over by them, right?
Well, not that I care.
I won't let it end like this.
You can use me more, Sae-kun.
Then, can I move up?
Right, yup. Let's equalize before the whistle.
Hmph. You finally got a rocket
up your asses. Spoiled brats.
Let's go, guys.
Pretend the remaining time in the first half
is all we're getting, and let's go all out.
There's only a little time
left in the first half.
No one even questioned if the
U-20s might lose prior to kickoff.
Can Blue Lock stave off the U-20s' attacks
until the end of the first half?
These guys... They've put
more men into the attack.
Plus, with Itoshi Sae at their heart,
they're using short passes to inch upfield.
They're way more desperate than before.
Here they come.
Be ready out on the wing!
Sure thing. You got it.
Bring it, you gekkering fox.
You'll get your wish, Mr. Buzzy Bee.
This way!
That's what you were after?
You aren't the only ones
who have changed tactics.
To keep the lead for
these last five minutes,
we'll leave Nagi up front and
pull everyone else back to defend.
This is Blue Lock's Plan B so that the team
made up exclusively of forwards can win.
Steal it, Bachira! It's a two-on-one!
Already on it!
Kitsune!
U-tilize me!
Super fantastic timing.
Go for it, Chou-kun!
Good. I'll make it count.
I don't think so.
Nice, Niko.
Your tackle narrowed his options,
so now I can read it like you do.
Nice save!
It's not dead yet! Second ball!
One minute of additional time! Hold 'em off!
Crap!
Japan's U-20s
Go to him!
Defend! Defend!
Blue Lock XI
We'll sandwich him.
Here he comes.
Over there?
No.
So fast.
In between us?
He's too good.
That's a sick cross.
There's no way I can reach it...
No, I will!
I'll be the hero...
So half-baked.
"The best in the world"?
With a pass like that?
Screw you, you bad excuse
for a big brother!
That'll do it.
Good!
Stop interrupting me.
You're such a pain, little brother.
Blue Lock XI
It's my time to shine!
They kept them out!
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock XI
First Half Over
All right!
We kept 'em out!
Can you believe this? It's 1-2!
What next?
The first half ends with Blue Lock
unexpectedly in the lead!
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
First Half
Over
Blue Lock Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Raichi
Jingo
Is your item "Boring,
Ordinary, or Normal"? Or not?
"BON or Not" Appraisal Show
Let's get this "BON or Not BON" show started!
Tsurugi
Zantetsu
Otoya
Eita
Bo-Bo-Bo-Bon!
Here's our first item.
Oh, wow. What could it be?
Mikage Reo
It's a jar that was a gift from my dad.
I think he said it cost him
a cool five mil. Nice, right?
What do you think, Professor Karasu?
Karasu
Tabito
It's BON.
Oh my! It's BON!
What the hell?
Let's hear the prof's explanation.
A work of art is all about whether
the artist's poured their essence into it.
This one reeks of "I sculpted it for
the money." That makes it borin'.
Therefore, it's BON.
Okay, thanks for coming.
My jar... Five million...
Next person, please!
Igarashi
Gurimu
My name is Igarashi Gurimu,
and I'm from Aichi prefecture!
Love of
Chestnuts
This is a scroll handed down for
generations at the temple my family runs.
It's something that's precious
to my parents, so I'm hoping it will—
It's BON.
Huh?
It's unfortunately a fake, buzz cut.
People will think yer family's so dumb,
ya can't even spot a forgery.
I advise ya to throw it away
immediately, ya dim dumdum.
Thank you very much.
No way! No!
Next up is our last exhibitor. Come on in!
I'm Bachira Meguru.
Bachira Meguru
I've brought my treasures.
Wh-What are they?
Acorns I picked up while dribbling.
Huh?
And nice-looking rocks,
marbles, and my baby teeth.
This one's a molar,
this one's a front tooth, and...
Who'd want these? Gross!
Okay, Professor Karasu. Please appraise them.
This is all just garbage!
Not BON!
Yay! Awesome!
Why?!
How?!
You don't get it, do you?
Bein' "Not BON" is about bein'
filled with ego and originality.
A passion and experience not to
be repeated anywhere in the world.
Professor...
Pursuin' that means to be Not Bon.
I had no idea...
So you see...
There are eight billion types
of Not BON out there.
See you all next week!
Bo-Bo-Bo-Bon!
And that's the dream I had.
Isagi
Yoichi
Three days in a row!
Not BON!
Bo-Bo-Bo-Bon!